# First-respo
To do the exercise
Introduction to Computer ScienceReading material 1Melinda VaroAutumn 2021IntroductionThis course is based on Pyhton programming language, since it is used for general-purpose software engineering. Python is modern, robust,high-level programming language. It is one of the easyest ones to be learnd, even for those who are completely new to programming.Initially was developed in the late 1980’s by Guido Van Rossum, who desigend Python after the English language. In order to make it easierto read and write compared with other programming languages,all unnecessary syntaxes has been eliminated.Python is an open-sourced language, has a very large collection of libraries from scientific computing to web services. It caters for objectoriented and functional programming with module system that allows large and complex applications to be developed in Python. In recentyears has increased in popularity due to its use in data science.Just to name a few of its most common uses, Python is used in Data Mining, Data Science, AI, Machine Learning, Web Development, WebFrameworks, Embedded Systems, Graphic Design applications, Gaming, Network development, Product development, Rapid ApplicationDevelopment, Testing, Automation Scripting, the list goes on.Python is used as an easier and more efficiently-written alternative to languages that perform similar functionalities like C, R, and Java (evenif runs slower than C or Java). Therefore Python is growing in popularity as the primary language for many applications.Python is interpreted language (similar to matlab or R),hence runs slowly compared to C++, Fortran or Java. However writing programs inPython is very quick.These lectures are using jupyter notebooks which mix Python code with documentation. The python notebooks can be run on a webserver orstand-alone on a compute
